slate presents and you are reading in
twitter and on facebook enough
enough questions on how to download the
new beta of gears of war ultimate
edition for xbox one and good we have
to go to the gears of war page
dotcom and give it on that button that says
to register you enter your xbox account
live your mail with obviously reviewed and
if it's the first time he gets it, they're
appears here to be able to congratulate you
is already registered and does not make that much
I already have it registered so nothing
more this message appears to me but in
without anything else is to go to the link below
and chop that button as I showed you in the
next step is to go to the messages already
inside the xbox one since an account
called xbox live is going to send us a
first code this first code what
is to download the beta that weighs 6
gigas and how they see it there is there is the
code this obviously already what you want
done in the beta are already seeing the
left side of the screen without
However, we have not reached the end
we can play yet because because
are preventing the beta from spreading
for saying so then they will send us
a second code here with nothing more a
code see what happens when you give it then
to be as the game says it sends us
that we still can not
the ark we are not authorized now
how we get the second code is
very simple if you already active already
exchange to this first code is a matter
to wait for my month but more or less
I spend about an hour when I
the second code will arrive and second
code is simply an activation
to prevent this beta from being
spreading and they are going up maybe
in some other sides and half tante
then good after another hour or
least the second message came that
right here I am going to show you
again it 's from the live xbox account
there is no loses in itself and it is a code
equally totally different than what
you are going to deactivate us as such the
license to play the beta that
this second code I gave him
code there are times when you do that
button then returns you from the cne several
times and if you did not cancel as if it was a
normal code but good at the end the
same function as the second attempt
as you can see and pass access to the
beta then this is already like access
of the account ie a code was for
download the demo and the second one was for
have access directly however if
I give him astarte here as you see then
obviously I still do not get it because I do not
had been updated then
the game as they are watching on screen and
even now it seems ready pass the
tano stays on gears of war ultimate
edition that this game then is the beta to
the sale completely open as they saw
I did not have to do much just
come back on the page yesterday
software.com are justly
down here in description is the first
link that you can find and how they see
well obviously reload all
the beta as I say weighs 6.1
displacements is not not so much until that
this is an excursion there are times
veins are pretty good so no
I thought
not too little but not much
then with these two codes as well
now we do have access to play the
beta multiplayer of gears of war
ultimate edition completely in hd and
very very sorry so I repeat the
steps the first decide the page yesterday
software.com give the button where it is well
register with your account that they will use
they get a first message first
message download the demo as such and a
once they write the demo it's a matter of
wait for my goal
when the second code arrives
second code is simply like the
license to play so you're
authorized to play the beta and not
are past contained so remember
follow me on social networks
subscribe to the channel if you have not
subscribed and share this video with your
companions so that more people can
play yesterday his guard that I think a lot
people still can not so too
I'm going to bring you the first game in
a few hours and nothing thanks